if you heard menacing claps coming from the
depths of an almost abandoned cruise ship trying
to lure you into darkness so that you can be
tortured by the spawns of evil what would you do
well you go check it out of course like this young
girl right here no she did not survive this night
in case you have pondered about her plot armor
because it wasn't very thick now in this video
we follow the characters of this bollywood movie
called bhoot look at the mistakes they make and
figure out better ways on how to survive and beat
the ghosts in bhoot which is funny because boot
means ghost in hindi lol anyway a rich family
rented a cruise ship to celebrate festivities
the bad thing was this ship was haunted so
they have disappeared and probably became
part of the ship themselves at least that's
how the story goes for now this is mr p
our main guy he's a policeman and the
subject of our gentle judgments here
he has lost both his wife and his daughter
in a tragic accident a few years ago
for which she somewhat was responsible later
more to that his mental health is not really
good so just keep that in mind as a police officer
our character is currently investigating a human
trafficking operation when he's looking for any
signs of human abduction on this large vessel he
comes across a container filled with young women
that were meant to be shipped to who knows where
it's a heartbreaking moment but good job p now
they collectively escape and our character is
celebrated the hero the day after however here
is where things get interesting during the last
night two curious things happened first when our
character p arrived at home he quite literally
hallucinated his daughter and had a full-blown
conversation with her which freaked me out
because this either implies that he is mental
or he is just imagining things for the sake of
his trauma management now the second relevant
event that has occurred was the arrival of this
huge vessel later called the ghost ship that has
stranded on the local beach in mumbai no signs of
any life on it the next day our duo p and his
partner Riaz are put onto this case their job
figure out what this ship is doing here and get
it off the coast asap but before that can happen
a lovely couple thinks it is a good idea to go
on the ship for an adventure the following night
the weird thing is they don't even bother to live
stream that on twitch which i find stupid because
if you risk your life just like that then at least
you should try to make some money off of it no
anyway both of them get onto the ship and
start their exploration apparently it is
well known that this ship is haunted hence why
they decided to explore a fatal mistake the girl
hides herself in a closet to give her boyfriend
the shock of a lifetime and it somehow worked
but not quite why in god's name would you go
on a haunted ship hide yourself in a tight and
rusty wall closet call your boyfriend and then
pretend you're a ghost i don't think that's a
very smart idea it might be fun with a team
of people filming stuff and back each other
up but a lovely couple that split up to creep
each other out i don't think so bad idea well i
guess this was the last time we have seen them
at least in human form if you know what i mean
now the next day our policemen are on the ship
as well trying to find hints of what happened
p and Riaz have to find something or else they're
done for now they decide to split up and p goes
to explore the interior now this ship is massive
in fact you will need a map if you don't want to
get lost and let's not talk about productively
scanning this ship on your own terms because
that's impossible if this was me i would not have
touched this ship with a 10 foot pole i would send
in a squadron of my men while i puff a cigarette
outside on the deck and i don't even smoke anyway
p goes through the ship floor by floor room
by room until he enters this one and for some
reason he checks underneath the bed and finds a
puppet that he for some reason wants to collect
it seems like his daughter had the same version
which is obviously a bit strange he tries to grab
the puppet but he can't reach it it seems like
she gets pulled away every time he reaches out
when he picks up a pole to lengthen his reach
and goes for another attempt the puppet is gone
now doubting his sense of reality he is creeped
out until the sound of the puppet goes off again
but this time she lies behind him now as we
know he frequently hallucinates so was this
his mind playing tricks or was this for real you
see many people with these issues face the same
problems right they experience hallucinations
that are as real as experiences can get
making it almost impossible to distinguish between
reality and hallucinations so a happening like
this one isn't an easy one to digest so what
i would do after this experience is this okay
i would not go back in the best case this place
triggers hallucinations in me that are not good
because it reminds me of my traumatic childhood
or whatever and in the worst case this place is
haunted and a ghost will attempt to rape me so
either way it's it's a bad thing to go back right
but what if it's too late what if having been
there once is enough to have you being haunted
as well well then you better call some haitians
and get that curse off of you best believe when
our characters tries to rejuvenate with a good
night of sleep unfortunately this is what happens
the frame of his late wife and daughter crashes
down the creepy puppet from before is suddenly
in his hands and for some reason he hears his
dead girl's voice screaming for his name this is
creepy if this was me i would freak out the next
day p goes back to the ship with his partner he
hasn't confessed anything about what happened but
seems to understand that going back there alone
would be a mistake he looks for hints and
signs and collects various items in that room
when they leave again he loses Riaz on his
way out when he tries to find his friend
he comes across a perfectly fine room with nice
furnishing no dust it's just in perfect condition
he is weirded out he flicks out his phone
and shoots a few pictures just to be sure
is this for real or is his mind playing tricks
again now when he goes to the balcony to check
for more hints he is surprised by a fat orange
overall wearing dude that storms out and falls
over the railing but after taking a look there
is no one there until he turns around and is
attacked by the same guy implying that this is a
ghost as well but things get even stranger when he
visits riaz he is hesitant to share his story
and let's be honest okay i would hesitate to
most people would this isn't something that you
would freely share whenever you like it what he
does though is he takes out his phone and wants to
show riaz the neat room that he has found on board
thinking the conversation will automatically shift
into what he wants to share anyway the crazy thing
though is that the room on his photos is as rotten
as every other room on this ship which wasn't the
case when he took them obviously if he was on
edge before imagine how this dude is feeling now
at the same time Riaz's wife feels that something
isn't right she calls p and takes him to the
principal yoshi a scientist that develops
electronic gadgets like our character p he
too has lost his family due to an accident
some time ago based on that she thought it
might be a good idea for them to get to know each
other however when they meet this is what happens
the emf device goes off obviously implying
supernatural presence what would cause me
to grab the next bottle of salt and draw
a circle while mumbling exorcism lines
i have picked up from the winchesters
they just brush it off as a malfunction
amateurs let's see what happens next remember the
couple that was stupid enough to explore the ghost
ship well the girl's body was found on the beach
the day after this causes a nationwide outcry and
our characters are exceedingly put under pressure
to get rid of that large ship they decide to visit
the owner of the vessel who somehow looks like a
buddha with a rolex to negotiate the removal of
the ship they double the fines and threaten him as
well but he doesn't budge he doesn't care however
when p asks why the engine room is shut the guy
seems concerned he acts as if there was something
hiding in there that should be kept locked in he
then tells that the ship is haunted and that he
doesn't want anything to do with it now p finally
considers that the strange happenings around him
might have been triggered by his visits
and the contact with a puppet from before
his negative state due to the loss of his family
might be the reason why only he is haunted
and not riaz himself ghosts are easier to haunt
people with depressions and other mental maladies
that is if you believe in such things of course
now during the following night we finally find out
how his family died when they went to river
rafting he ignored his wife's concerns about
the dangers unfortunately he convinced his wife
thoroughly that it was safe and that he would
keep her and their daughter safe she really wanted
to skip that adventure but was convinced otherwise
in the end the boat flipped and both his wife and
daughter drowned after having been carried away by
the strong current considering that it's no wonder
that he keeps hallucinating strange things right
now after waking up from another nightmare he
does what everybody would do okay he dresses
up gets ready and gets on his way to the ship
in the middle of the night without any backup
why would you do that right and why would he do
that waking up at 2am um i don't know it doesn't
make sense especially waking up from a nightmare
in which you got screamed at by your dead family
bleeding from their eyes jesus dude that's kind
of ridiculous but let's go with that for now
it doesn't take a minute being on that ship
until he already starts hearing strange sounds
he follows the sounds but almost falls into his
death he eventually wakes up lying on the floor
of the engine room at least he made it this far he
quickly realizes that he is in trouble and tries
to contact his friend but he can't get a signal
duh as he tries to find a way out good luck with
that he hears some menacing claps that the young
girl at the beginning of this movie heard as well
not a good sign like a rat and a maze he has
no clue where to go he makes it up a couple of
ladders passes a few rooms but doesn't really get
very far remember this isn't just a haunted ship
it's also abandoned meaning pretty much everything
in here is old and rusty and frankly dangerous to
walk on i mean from a rational standpoint this
should have been reason enough to stay away
at the same time though riaz has figured out that
something might be wrong he looks out for p but
can't find him at home he randomly checks out the
beach because apparently that's where people go
when they vanish but p isn't there obviously
now meanwhile p is still trying to escape
something is behind him he can just
barely make it to the upper floor and then
finally he's just facing one more
door until he is under the sky again
he tries to break out but it's no luck at the
same time the ghosts are getting closer and then
we all knew this was coming he is standing
off the clapping ghost of the haunted ship
i see two options here either you
surrender in which case you will likely die
or you run up to that __ smack her with
your flat hand screaming you can't see me
but the choice is yours i know what i would do
what would you do either way just before she can
pierce our main character with her supernatural
power the door next by blasts open and riaz comes
for rescue at this moment he too can finally
see the ghost and realizes that his friend
isn't completely crazy just a little bit maybe now
they run through the door somehow make it out in
seven seconds only jump into the sea and are safe
for now obviously there is something going on with
this ship the question is what is it if he goes
over the footage of the ship once again by now we
have found out that this footage captured the crew
that was working on the ship many years ago by
analyzing the footage he comes across a guy in an
orange overall that makes the same clapping sound
that is heard when the ghost is attacking
this makes him curious what is the connection
between this dude and the strange events he
also concludes that the footage was captured
by the mother of the kid who was celebrating
her birthday in the beginning of this movie
who was lured into the darkness when he presents
all of this to his team they quickly conclude
that the ghosts they have seen might actually
not be a ghost but a possessed human instead
in fact it might be the three-year-old kid from
the beginning just older now of course they decide
to search for survivors that were actually
part of the crew before the haunting began
but it turns out that the whole crew has
mysteriously committed suicide three years after
they were captured because of smuggling charges
just one name wasn't mentioned and that name was
vandana who surprisingly is meera's mother as
well when they find her this is what happens
surprised that her daughter is still alive
she starts telling our guys the whole
story basically she was a captive on this ship
and was continuously abused by the captain
who was a notorious smuggler they would smuggle
all sorts of things and everyone who tried to
come clean would be murdered by him vandana here
eventually fell in love with the guy who wore the
orange overall in the footage before he tried to
expose all wrongdoings of the captain but before
he could do that two things happened first vandana
got pregnant with his baby although the captain
believed it was his and thus stopped abusing her
and he before he could expose anything got caught
and tortured before he was killed implying it
is his ghost that has been haunting this ship
ever since his murder and it was also him who
lured meera into the darkness and possessed
her in the beginning of this movie because she
is his child now that everything makes sense i
think it is time to beat the ghosts and that
is exactly what our character is plan as well
vandana has hinted that the secret room lies
somewhere inside the ship claiming if we want
to stop this curse we need to find that room
when they arrive at the ship for some reason
they tell the only person who knows where to go
to wait outside because it's too dangerous for her
i don't know what's more dangerous than getting
lost inside a haunted ship but whatever now it
doesn't take 5 minutes until the first l is being
taken they get to the first ladder on their way to
the engine room yoshi gets down safely but
when p is about to climb down this happens
he is smacked with a tele-hook and crashes down
violently hitting the ground with his back but
don't worry okay because crashing down 35 feet or
12 meters in this movie doesn't mean the end nope
because he gets up again with a light concussion
and is ready to finally fight the spawns of
evil meanwhile Riaz being stuck up
here makes his first ghostly encounter
however he is able to react quickly and escapes
for now at the same time the two guys downstairs
contact vandana with their walkie-talkies but
unfortunately can't get a stable connection going
this leads her to decide that it's time for her to
enter the building as well but not before we get
some cliche scenes where she sees her little girl
running away from her in slow motion how sweet
the boys are finally reaching the engine room
however to get to the secret part the room must be
opened from afar which vandana since she's entered
is able to activate with the perfect timing thank
you the doors open and both dudes can enter the
last room of the dungeon what they plan is this
they want to find the bones and burn them nothing
special i know but that stuff tends to work when
facing ghosts so fair play unfortunately though
both of them have no fuel at hand because they
lost the cans when p got knocked down however riaz
who has successfully escaped the ghost upstairs
has figured that out and activates some sort of
magic device that allows diesel to flood the exact
same room where p and yoshi are intending to burn
the bones sometime good old luck is all you need
or some movie magic whatever before they're able
to light up the room they were attacked by meera
which causes yoshi to lose consciousness before
she can finish them off vandana joins as well
family reunion meera leaves and vandana meets up
with p however when he touches her her memories
rush through his mind showing him the truth that
it was her who actually killed her daughter's
father and that it was her that actually caused
his whole drama here great just at that moment the
last boss joins he quickly kills off vandana
and is about to kill the other guys as well
but before that can happen p releases the
machinery causing the bones of our target
to fall into the diesel-infested waters a last
fight breaks out but in the end by throwing an
axe across the map and hitting the metal bar
in a perfect angle causing sparks to go loose
p is able to light up the water and the bones burn
in a bright light therefore p is able to defeat
the boss and peace can finally be restored however
this isn't the end my friends because what would
a cliche ghost movie be without a twist that's
right p adopted meera and now they're enjoying
themselves eating pasta and enjoy themselves
damn this was a weird movie and frankly while
the acting was solid it didn't quite hold up
for me what do you think well this wasn't the
worst movie i have ever watched i wonder what
the worst movie is that you have ever watched
let me know in the comments and i see you soon
binge another one thanks for watching peace